Docs: add .prefectignore to deployment (#6255)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/concepts/deployments.md

- Creates the the manifest and `catfacts_flow-deployment.yaml` files for your deployment based on your flow code and options.
- Uploads your flow files to the configured storage location (local by default).

!!! note "Ignore files or directories from a deployment"

>     If you want to omit certain files or directories from your deployments, add `.prefectignore` to the root directory. `.prefectignore` allow users to omit certain files or directories from their deployments. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you want to omit certain files or directories from your deployments, add a `.prefectignore` file to the root directory. `.prefectignore` enables users to omit certain files or directories from their deployments. 
```
